Add DC/OS 2.1.2 release notes (#3345)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.1/release-notes/2.1.2/index.md

[button color="light" href="https://downloads.dcos.io/dcos/stable/2.1.2/dcos_generate_config.sh"]Download DC/OS Open Source[/button]

[button color="purple" href="https://downloads.mesosphere.com/dcos-enterprise/stable/2.1.2/dcos_generate_config.ee.sh"]Download DC/OS Enterprise* [/button]

New customers, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@mesosphere.io">sales@mesosphere.io</a> before attempting to download and install DC/OS Enterprise.
# Release Summary
DC/OS is a distributed operating system that enables you to manage resources, application deployment, data services, networking, and security in an on-premise, cloud, or hybrid cluster environment.
## Component Versions

DC/OS 2.1.2 includes the following component versions:
- Apache Mesos 1.10.1
- Marathon 1.10.36
- DC/OS UI 6.1.16
- Fluentbit 1.4.6
### DC/OS Fixed and Improved Issues
DC/OS 2.1.2 fixes the following issues:

> - When resolv.conf is updated the logs show a diff in addition to the new contents. (COPS-6411)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When resolv.conf is updated, the logs now display a diff in addition to the new contents to assist troubleshooting. (COPS-6411)
```
